'''Summary'''

A net.project to push the edges of collaborative hypermedia. And you thought Wiki was cool. Hang onto your mouse pads...

'''Introduction'''

The web, and media like it, looks like a big bowl of meatball spaghetti. You've got content--the meatballs--linked together with the spaghetti. 

Meatball's focus is experimenting with collaborative hypertext media. Collaborative in the sense of building communities online. Or, more appropriately, building information ''together''.

Meatball discusses not only existing approaches, but creates new media itself. Meatball is a meta-project; it's a project to manage projects. However, we hope to build interesting things in our wake.

'''Mission'''

''From http://www.usemod.com/cgi-bin/mb.pl?MeatballMission ''

''Tentatively...''

MeatBall experiments with and encourages new forms of CollaborativeHypermedia on the Internet in order to learn how to build stable online "communities" and to see what these communities can come up with. 

MeatBall itself does not contribute to any particular project, but instead acts as an umbrella to several different projects. An underlying tenet is "Many solutions to many problems." It would be disastrous to believe that the same model will apply equally to all requirements.

More practically, this means that MeatBall is a gathering place for various projects to talk to each other and exchange ideas. Like an ongoing and persistent technical conference. Sometimes, new projects may be spawned from discussions. Indeed, Meatball is an exercise in CollaborativeHypermedia itself.

Most importantly, MeatBall emphasizes '''content over form'''. One cannot build a stable, meaningful society without a purpose to cluster around. First comes need, then comes technology. Otherwise, it's just art for artists' sake. This is not to discourage experimental approaches, but merely to emphasize that projects ought to have depth of purpose. 

----

'''Links'''

You can find MeatballWiki at http://www.usemod.com/cgi-bin/mb.pl .

Additionally, Meatball has a mailing list which you can subscribe to at mailto:meatball-subscribe@egroups.com. It is publically archived at http://www.egroups.com/group/meatball.

----

''So, what does it actually do?''

Meatball is a gathering place for collaborative hypermedia projects to talk to each other, vent problems, discuss solutions, look at implications, brainstorm new creations. It also acts as a public place for projects to make annoucements, to synchronize and to work in.